hey we're at CES 2012 and chris is going
to tell us about these the new infinity
reference x series of car speakers exact
well i'm a very excited to talk about
the affinity reference f speaker some
beefy reference speakers is you known
have been a very well-regarded in the
audio industry for a long time on there
that from the top selling aftermarket
car speakers for you no more than 10
years running now so this new reference
x series of speakers is really more
about what is right then change anything
i mean really we were just taking what
has already been a great product and you
know refreshing it and you know making
it a little bit more new giving a little
bit more enhanced design but a lot of
the great technologies that have been
the standard and why reference has been
so successful continue on reference x we
keep the edge driven dome tweeter so
with an edge different own we've got a
much more natural high frequency
reproduction get better sound quality
those long drives you don't step out the
car with a headache from listening to
more distortion and actually listening
to the music that you want to hear we
continue with the patented unit pivot
tweeter design she actually be able to
rotate the tweeter pod make sure you
angle the high frequencies to your ear
where they are one of the great thing to
that we continue with the reference x is
the tweeter attenuation so by easily
pressing a little button on the front
the tweeter you actually able to enhance
the tweeter 3 DB so especially when you
have the speakers down in the door
panels and stuff we're high frequencies
aren't easily getting to your ear you'll
be able to customize that sound to your
taste and be able to boost the tweeter
we also use that same plus 1 Wulfric own
infinitely start of that a number of
years ago so you now you get great
mid-range and great bass response from a
speaker where maybe sometime you haven't
added in that stuff will subwoofer yet
so we continue to use that +1 Wulfric oh
the other great thing that reference s
continues is that low impedance speaker
so we actually are these are 3 ohm
speakers this year so now they're going
to pull as much power as possible out of
that head unit whether it's the factor
head unit or if it's the aftermarket
head unit so you're going to get all
that sound that you're paying for so
there's a whole new reference x family
of speakers so we're really excited to
look for them soon